Hello, Thanks for booking with Alaska on Google — your reservation is confirmed. Your confirmation code EMWBSH Manage your booking Round trip to Portland $496.79 Sun, Jul 18 · New York to Portland 7:25 PM–10:25 PM · 6h 0m JFK (John F. Kennedy International Airport)–PDX (Portland International Airport) Alaska 479 Fri, Jul 23 · Portland to New York 10:05 AM–6:20 PM · 5h 15m PDX (Portland International Airport)–JFK (John F. Kennedy International Airport) Alaska 545 Passenger Sumer Sareen KrisFlyer ······· 409 Payment method Mastercard •••• 2237 Total paid to Alaska $496.79 with fare, taxes + fees Need help? Please contact Alaska Alaska support 1 (800) 252-7522 What's next? Hold tight. Alaska will send you an official confirmation soon. Change fee warning Alaska may charge fees for itinerary changes or cancellations. Please see here for more information. Overbooking warning Notice: Overbooking of Flights - Airline flights may be overbooked, and there is a slight chance that a seat will not be available on a flight for which a person has a confirmed reservation. If the flight is overbooked, no one will be denied a seat until airline personnel first ask for volunteers willing to give up their reservation in exchange for compensation of the airline''s choosing. If there are not enough volunteers, the airline will deny boarding to other persons in accordance with its particular boarding priority. With few exceptions, including failure to comply with the carrier''s check-in deadline (which are available upon request from the air carrier), persons denied boarding involuntarily are entitled to compensation. The complete rules for the payment of compensation and each airline''s boarding priorities are available at all airport ticket counters and boarding locations. Some airlines do not apply these consumer protections to travel from some foreign countries, although other consumer protections may be available. Check with your airline or your travel agent. Baggage liability For flights within the U.S., federal rules require any limit on an airline''s baggage liability to be at least $3,500 per passenger. For international travel (including domestic portions of international journeys) different liability limitations apply to the loss, delay, or damage to baggage. If the Montreal Convention applies, the limit is 1,131 Special Drawing Rights (approximately $1,700 per passenger) unless a higher value is declared in advance and additional charges are paid. If the Warsaw Convention applies, the limit is approximately $9.07 per pound ($20.00 per kilogram) for checked baggage and $400 per passenger for unchecked baggage unless a higher value is declared in advance and additional charges are paid. Excess valuation may not be declared on certain types of valuable articles. Airlines may assume no liability for fragile or perishable articles. Check with your airline. TSA data collection The Transportation Security Administration of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security requires us to collect information from you for purposes of watch list screening, under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, and the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004. Providing this information is voluntary; however, if it is not provided, you may be subject to additional screening or denied transport or authorization to enter a sterile area. TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice. For more on TSA Privacy policies, or to view the system of records notice and the privacy impact assessment, please see TSA''s Web site at www.tsa.gov . Disinsection Some foreign countries require disinsection of aircraft; a list of those countries can be found on the US Department of Transportation''s website here . Hazardous materials Some everyday products, like aerosol spray starch, can be dangerous when transported on the aircraft in carry-on and/or checked baggage. Changes in temperature or pressure can cause some items to leak, generate toxic fumes or start a fire. Carriage of prohibited items may result in fines or in certain cases imprisonment. Please ensure there are no forbidden hazardous materials in your baggage like: Some Lithium batteries (e.g. spares in checked baggage, batteries over a certain size) Explosives / Fireworks, Strike anywhere matches/ Lighter fluid, Compressed gases / Aerosols, Oxygen bottles/ Liquid oxygen, Flammable liquids, Pesticides/ Poison and Corrosive material. Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA